ENG-4072: Add documentation on configuring and using voice messages for MFA (#4207)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/two-factor.mdx

import DeprecatedSince from 'src/components/api/DeprecatedSince.astro';

<PlanBlurb>

> Email and phone multi-factor methods are only available in a paid plan of FusionAuth. Please visit [our pricing page](/pricing) to learn more about paid plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email, SMS, and voice multi-factor methods are only available in a paid plan of FusionAuth. Please visit [our pricing page](/pricing) to learn more about paid plans.
```
I worry a bit about using the term 'phone' here since users might assume we just mean 'phone call', not SMS. Maybe better to clarify that SMS is included here as well to avoid confusion?

Reviewer: We might want to just say 'messenger' here (and above, wherever we say 'phone') to keep things generic, since I assume that in the future we could support audio messages over other mediums such as apps?

Author: I'm not sure on this. This is less about how the message is received and more about the factor we're using to authenticate the user, i.e. their email address or their phone number. We used to use "SMS" when we really meant phone.
